README.md, before:

# [joelazar](https://github.com/joelazar)’s dotfiles

## Setup

To set up the `dotfiles` just run the appropriate snippet in the
terminal:

(:warning: **DO NOT** run the `setup` snippet if you don't fully
understand [what it does](src/os/setup.sh). Seriously, **DON'T**!)

| `Ubuntu` | `bash -c "$(wget -qO - https://raw.github.com/joelazar/dotfiles/master/src/os/setup.sh)"` |

That's it! :sparkles:

The setup process will:

* Download the dotfiles on your computer (by default it will suggest
  `~/dotfiles`)
* Create some additional [directories](src/os/create_directories.sh)
* [Symlink](src/os/create_symbolic_links.sh) the
  [`git`](src/git),
  [`shell`](src/shell), and
  [`vim`](src/vim) files
* Install applications / command-line tools for
  [`Ubuntu`](src/os/install/ubuntu)
* Set custom
  [`Ubuntu`](src/os/preferences/ubuntu) preferences
* Install [`vim` plugins](src/vim/vim/plugins)

## Customize

### Local Settings

The `dotfiles` can be easily extended to suit additional local
requirements by using the following files:

#### `~/.bash.local`

The `~/.bash.local` file it will be automatically sourced after
all the other [`bash` related files](src/shell), thus, allowing
its content to add to or overwrite the existing aliases, settings,
PATH, etc.

Here is a very simple example of a `~/.bash.local` file:

```bash
#!/bin/bash

# - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

# Set local aliases.

alias starwars="telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl"

# - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

# Set PATH additions.

PATH="$PATH:$HOME/dotfiles/src/bin"

export PATH

```

#### `~/.gitconfig.local`

The `~/.gitconfig.local` file it will be automatically included
after the configurations from `~/.gitconfig`, thus, allowing its
content to overwrite or add to the existing `git` configurations.

__Note:__ Use `~/.gitconfig.local` to store sensitive information
such as the `git` user credentials, e.g.:

```bash
[commit]

    # Sign commits using GPG.
    # https://help.github.com/articles/signing-commits-using-gpg/

    gpgsign = true


[user]

    name = Cătălin Mariș
    email = alrra@example.com
    signingkey = XXXXXXXX
```

#### `~/.vimrc.local`

The `~/.vimrc.local` file it will be automatically sourced after
`~/.vimrc`, thus, allowing its content to add or overwrite the
settings from `~/.vimrc`.

## Update

To update the dotfiles you can either run the [`setup`
script](src/os/setup.sh) or, if you want to just update one particular
part, run the appropriate [`os` script](src/os).


## Acknowledgements

Inspiration and code was taken from alrra, thus this is mainly a fork from his repo.
However, I removed macos part of it and try to improve some lines here and there.
* [Cătălin](https://github.com/alrra)
  [dotfiles](https://github.com/alrra/dotfiles)


## License

The code is available under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

README update
Former-commit-id: 1f0ae9f045c57fa516172eeea17be72cf23db5d4

README.md, after:

# [joelazar](https://github.com/joelazar)’s dotfiles

## Setup

To set up the `dotfiles` just run the appropriate snippet in the
terminal:

(:warning: **DO NOT** run the `setup` snippet if you don't fully
understand [what it does](src/os/setup.sh). Seriously, **DON'T**!)

| `Ubuntu` | `bash -c "$(wget -qO - https://raw.github.com/joelazar/dotfiles/master/src/os/setup.sh)"` |

That's it! :sparkles:

The setup process will:

* Download the dotfiles on your computer (by default it will suggest
  `~/dotfiles`)
* Create some additional [directories](src/os/create_directories.sh)
* [Symlink](src/os/create_symbolic_links.sh) the
  [`git`](src/git),
  [`shell`](src/shell), and
  [`neovim`](src/nvim) files
* Install applications / command-line tools for
  [`Ubuntu`](src/os/install/ubuntu)
* Set custom
  [`Ubuntu`](src/os/preferences/ubuntu) preferences
* Install [`nvim` plugins](src/nvim/plugged)

## Customize

### Local Settings

The `dotfiles` can be easily extended to suit additional local
requirements by using the following files:

#### `~/.bash.local`

The `~/.bash.local` file it will be automatically sourced after
all the other [`bash` related files](src/shell), thus, allowing
its content to add to or overwrite the existing aliases, settings,
PATH, etc.

Here is a very simple example of a `~/.bash.local` file:

```bash
#!/bin/bash

# - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

# Set local aliases.

alias starwars="telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl"

# - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

# Set PATH additions.

PATH="$PATH:$HOME/dotfiles/src/bin"

export PATH

```

#### `~/.gitconfig.local`

The `~/.gitconfig.local` file it will be automatically included
after the configurations from `~/.gitconfig`, thus, allowing its
content to overwrite or add to the existing `git` configurations.

__Note:__ Use `~/.gitconfig.local` to store sensitive information
such as the `git` user credentials, e.g.:

```bash
[user]

    name = Agi
    email = agi@example.com

```

## Update

To update the dotfiles you can either run the [`setup`
script](src/os/setup.sh) or, if you want to just update one particular
part, run the appropriate [`os` script](src/os).


## Acknowledgements

Inspiration and code was taken from alrra, thus this is mainly a fork from his repo.
However, I removed macos part of it and tried to improve some lines here and there.
* [Cătălin](https://github.com/alrra)
  [dotfiles](https://github.com/alrra/dotfiles)


## License

The code is available under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).
