https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw # 3blue1brown
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8BtBl8PNgd3vWKtm2yJ7aA # Bartosz Milewski
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A # Numberphile
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTG_vrRdKYfrpqCv_WV4eyA # Ten Minute Physics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP7jMXSY2xbc3KCAE0MHQ-A # DeepMind
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMLtBahI5DMrt0NPvDSoIRQ # Machine Learning Street Talk
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0rqucBdTuFTjJiefW5t-IQ # Tensorflow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXUPKJO5MZQN11PqgIvyuvQ # Andrej Karpathy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ # Last Week Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEFpEvuosfPGlV1VyUF6QOA # Partizán
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM-1sd-cXSuCsfWp8QMY_OQ # Telex
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyic42CaC1FYypd0g72CCjA # Telex - After Sajó Dáviddal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGoLa-QhHmTxLEdjv_8dxrg # 444
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q # Kurzgesagt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_9cztXyAZCli9Cky6NWWwQ # Remix
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA # TJ
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # The Primeagen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbfYPyITQ-7l4upoX8nvctg # Two minute papers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZbtcRQHGpU_tt2yM4C7k0A # The Changelog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPbwhExawYrn9xxI21TFfyw # The Pragmatic Engineer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCftwRNsjfRo08xYE31tkiyw # Wired
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZbtcRQHGpU_tt2yM4C7k0A # Changelog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs_tLP3AiwYKwdUHpltJPuA # GOTO conferences
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCciKHCG06rnq31toLTfAiyw # linux.conf.au
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClUSqujSdARUgqlgX-FfAZA # Bödőcs Tibor
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGK9n7svoIjuaQfRIBJXkqQ # Watch It Played
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3I2GFN_F8WudD_2jUZbojA # KEXP
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV7ZgnEcCps_rHKgT9sq_Lg # Febueder
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGxLOaA_QnWLhTnf5depKLg # From The Basement
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA # Computerphile
